[26Q1] Add features from DAQmx 26.0 release (Calculated Power and A, C-type Thermocouples) (#876)
ni/nidaqmx-python: CHANGELOG.md

* ### Major Changes
    * Removed support for Python 3.9.

>     * Add support for create calculated power channel API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Add support for calculated power channels
    * Add support for A and C-type Thermocouples
```
